# CMPT276 Project

Team Calcium

Course Project URL: https://opencoursehub.cs.sfu.ca/bfraser/grav-cms/cmpt276/project

## Iteration 3

* Scrum Master: Wuhui - @wuhuiw
* Repo Manager: Young - @ybl3
* Product Manager: Danielle - @dnix
* Team Member: Haoyi - @haoyia

## Languages

French and English

## User story overview

1. [40] Search / Filter

    * [x] I want to be able to search on the map screen for restaurants of interest so I can limit the markers I see on the map.
    * [x] I want to be able to search on the restaurants list page for restaurants of interest so I can limit the restaurants I see in the list.
    * [x] Searching details
        * [x] I want to be able to clear the current search to resume seeing all restaurants.
        * [x] I want to preserve the current search while switching between the map and restaurants list. For example, if I searched for "pizza" on the map, when I switch to the restaurant list I want to still be seeing search results for "pizza".
        * [x] If I search for "pizza" and then tap on a restaurant to view that restaurant's details screen (from either the map or the restaurant list), when I select back on the restaurant details screen I want to return to the previous screen with the search results intact.
    * [x] When I search, I want to be able to see only restaurants...
        * [x] whose name matches something I type in (so if searching for "pizza" I get "Boston Pizza #425", "MrPizzas", etc)
        * [x] whose most recent inspection had a specific hazard level
        * [x] which has had <= (or >=) N critical violations within the last year
        * [x] which have been tagged as a favourite (see below)
    * [x] I want to be able to combine the above criteria, such as: Show me all my favourite restaurants which have "bar" in the name, with a most recent inspection hazard level of low, and which had 5 or less critical violations within the last year.
        * [x] When combining multiple criteria, I want to only see restaurants which satisfy all criteria.
        * [x] I don't need search to support boolean operators.
        * [x] I am OK with it searching for the full text which I type in. For example, if I search of "pub bar" I want to see "Pub barnacle" and not "The bar-none best pub"

2. [20] Favourites

    * [x] From the restaurant details screen, I want to be able to mark (or un-mark) the restaurant as a favourite.
    * [x] In the restaurants list I want my favourite restaurants to be noticeable. For example, have an extra icon overlaid on their image, or a different background or border colour (though this is very flexible). As I scroll through my list, these should stand out to me.
    * [x] When new data is downloaded from the City of Surrey's server, I want to be told if there are any new inspections for my favourite restaurants.
For example, after the app has updated the data, display a list of my favourite restaurants which have new inspections.
When being told about a new inspection on my favourite restaurants, I want to be told at least the name of the restaurant, the date of the most recent inspection, and the hazard level of the newest inspection.

3. [30] Internationalize

    * [x] I want the app to support more than one language.
    * [x] When the application starts, if it supports the language my Android device is set to, I want it to show me everything in that language.
        * [x] If the application does not support the language of my device, default to English.
    * [x] All user facing strings should be translated, with the possible exception of:
        * [x] Data read out of the data files (like those downloaded when updating)
        * [x] Networking errors (such as "file not found"...) if they are generated by the networking package
    * [x] Don't forget to translate the brief one-line summaries of the violations shown in the violations list.
    * [x] Technical notes: Your docs/readme3.txt file must list the languages you support. You pick the language to support; I suggest only languages which are drawn left to right like English to reduce your layout complexity.

## Style Guide

https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html

If you are unsure about it, you can always ask Android Studio to reformat the code for you.

Code > Reformat Code
